This release brings several enhancements, focusing on improved performance, streamlined output generation, better error handling, and added convenience for developers.  We've also addressed a few bugs and updated dependencies for better compatibility and security.

## Improvements

* **Streamlined Output Generation**:  The output generation process has been refactored for better maintainability and efficiency. This reduces code duplication and simplifies adding new output styles in the future. Thanks @iNerdStack!
* **Optimized File Searching**: Improved error handling and efficiency in the file searching process, providing more informative error messages and faster execution. Thanks @Mefisto04!
* **Enhanced Process Concurrency**: More accurate calculation of CPU cores to optimize concurrency during file processing, leading to faster packing times. Thanks @twlite!
* **Async Timeout for Sleep**: Replaced the previous sleep implementation with `setTimeout` to avoid blocking the event loop, enhancing responsiveness. Thanks @twlite!

## Bug Fixes

* **Markdown Configuration Validation**: Resolved an issue where using 'markdown' in the configuration file would trigger an invalid configuration error. Thanks @r-dh!

## Internal Changes

* **Brew Formula Auto-Update**: Homebrew formula will now be automatically updated with each tagged release, simplifying installation and updates for macOS users. Thanks @r-dh!

* **Corrected License Link in README**: Fixed a broken link to the license in the README file. Thanks @Kaushik080!

### How to Update

To update to the latest version, run:

```bash
npm update -g repopack
```

We appreciate all contributions and feedback from our community! If you encounter any issues or have suggestions, please open an issue on GitHub.

